hey how's it going guys this is Dave TD
and this is my review of the T 300 G so
this is the latest iteration of the
transformer line from Asus and that's
their line of two and one hybrid devices
that like the tablet and notebook
combined into one thing and the truth is
I've yet to find a hybrid device that I
really love like something that hits on
all notes but the T 300 has a really
unique design let's see how it does we
have the classic Asus block box lift the
lid and the notebook is sitting there
underneath the notebook is a storage
area where they put all the accessories
and they've included an AC adapter a
micro USB cable a micro USB 2.0 adapter
some pamphlets and an AC use cleaning
cloth pretty standard AC stuff nothing
crazy
the top surface of the notebook is a
really dark blue in fact the whole
notebook has this blue color it's a
smooth aluminum finish and combined with
that dark color it shows fingerprints
like it's the new hotness the bottom of
the notebook is the same finish and the
same color and it also shows
fingerprints and smudges the same way
there are four rubber feet here and
because I was curious I remove the
screws to have a peek inside the bottom
part but I couldn't pry it apart even
with the screws off the t300 comes in
two parts the first is a PC tablet
running a complete version of Windows
8.1 and just look at those smudges I was
going to wipe it and refilm but then I
thought I should leave it in just to
show you how real this punch struggle is
the second part is a wireless bluetooth
keyboard and you can combine these two
parts to make a notebook
in terms of ports and buttons on the
left side we have a volume rocker
windows button one of the two speakers
and a power plug there's also a micro
USB socket for charge of the keyboard
but we'll get into that later and on the
right side we have a combo headphone
microphone jack a mini HDMI port micro
USB 3 port and the second speaker I
forgot to film this while I was outside
but there is a microSD slot on the
bottom of the tablet that fits the cards
flush this is a really important port
just because storage is otherwise pretty
limited for specs the unit here is
rocking an Intel Core M running at 800
megahertz a 12.5 inch IPS touchscreen
integrated Intel graphics 128 gigs of
SSD 8 gigs of RAM all for about 7 800
bucks depending on where and when you
buy the tablet part ways a little bit
over one and a half pounds not a
superlight tablet but it's still very
comfortable to hold in terms of weight
the keyboard weighs around the same as
the tablet component so when you combine
them together to make a notebook it
comes in around 3.2 pounds it's so
really comfortable to hold one-handed
and in case you're wondering like I was
it's not particularly well balanced or
spinning mostly because of that wide
screen speaking of that screen it's a
12.5 inch IPS touch panel and this has a
resolution of 2560 by 1440 there is a
lower res version but this is the one I
have colors are pretty good brightness
isn't great which doesn't help with that
glossy screen and the viewing angles are
kind of mediocre for an IPS panel now
it's a pretty good looking screen when
you're using it by yourself but if
you're using it outdoors and you're
sharing with friends or something
it becomes less good a spider says that
has a 99% srgb and a 76% Adobe RGB gamut
it's not the best for color reproduction
or accuracy but it's
screen has a 16 to 9 aspect ratio so
when use it as a tablet viewing web
pages often feels a little squashed with
too much space on the left on the right
using it vertically also feels clumsy
it's a little long for me to hold
comfortably and websites look pretty
narrow on the other hand a wide screen
like this is good for being multi window
features of 8.1 so you can watch things
like YouTube while you're browsing
something else on the web I will say
though that watching movies and TV shows
on a wide screen like this is pretty
nice the screen was built with that in
mind and you can get full screen videos
with no black bars the speakers on the
t300 are kind of weak they're quiet and
the lower frequencies are almost totally
lost but there are speakers on both
sides so you get stereo sound here's
what the sounds like there's a 2
megapixel webcam up top here's what it
looks like the inside of the keyboard
has the same color and finish as the
rest of the device smooth blue aluminum
keys feel good one and a half millimeter
travel good spacing and it's very
comfortable to type on we use it to type
most of my emails this past week and
it's really easy to get used to the
directional keys are also in that nice T
shape that I like it's a pretty good
keyboard overall the trackpad at the
bottom is a different story it's kind of
small and it's not amazing I noticed a
little bit of lag not sure if the legs
from the Bluetooth connection or the
trackpad itself resides on that the
tracking is pretty smooth and the
buttons work fun I've definitely used
worse trackpad that their the keyboard
connects wirelessly over Bluetooth
there's no electrical connection to the
tablet component for other user inputs
or
more on that later but the Bluetooth
connection is pretty easy you turn it on
when you want to use it and connect the
tablet of the keyboard connect at this
hinge here it's two magnetic
tabs that stick out from the keyboard
and when you bring the tablet component
over it slots in securely and you're
good to go
something I did notice though if you
look closely here you can see some kind
of felt material so it's there to
prevent the two components from
scratching each other when they connect
but the felt material seems to show wear
really quickly it's probably not a big
deal but I can't tell in terms of
long-term durability the connection is
really good though it's a strong magnet
and you can carry it using just the
screen using it as a notebook is
enjoyable the keyboard is great for
typing and it's comfortable to use in
any of the situation I used it in the
screen has a bit of a wobble to it when
you're poking at it for the touchscreen
but it doesn't really bother me much
performance is pretty good for work and
just regular web use despite just having
an 800 megahertz chip and the drive
speeds come in at 480 Reed 300 writes so
pretty respectable there's a power
button at the top of the tablet with an
LED light that lights up orange when
it's charging and white when it's done
the adapter it comes with is pretty
small 33 watt adapter with a super long
cord I think it's something like 9 feet
or something charge on the tablet is
pretty simple just plug it in but
charging the keyboard is a little
different remember there's no wired
connection between the tablet and the
keyboard so if you want to charge it
with one power source you have to use
this micro USB adapter and then connect
a micro USB cable to this adapter and
then plug that cable into the key word
so in the end you have something like
this it works but there's wires running
all over the place and it's just not a
very elegant solution if you want to
plug up a mouse to the notebook you have
to use that same adapter so I did this
when I was playing some games and as
expected games don't run that well we're
looking at like 20 frames per second for
dota 2 with everything turned down and
counter-strike go is a little bit better
35 40 frames per second began with
everything turned off battery life isn't
great it's a small battery 32 watt hour
and I got around five and a half hours a
regular web browsing youtubing and some
work and this was with the screen at
almost max brightness gaming I got
around two and a half hours again with
screen and Max brightness you see core M
processors are low-voltage in all but
the battery in this tablet is so small
and the battery in the keyboard isn't
shared so this is just what you get if
you take a look at the thermals here
there's no fan on this device and when
it's running Full Tilt for a while it
can get pretty warm it's like 45 degrees
Celsius at the warmest spots probably
right where that core M chip is I really
like the idea of hybrid devices I mean
table to have a notebook and a tablet in
one device is really cool on paper
because that's just last year and I
really like the idea of having less
stuff but when manufacturers make hybrid
devices they often kind of compromise on
either the tablet or the notebook or in
some cases they have kind of crappy
versions of both but the t300 actually
feels a little different when you use it
as a notebook because of the rigid
keyboard you can basically use it as an
ultrabook
you can use it on your lap you can use
it on your table and basically anywhere
you would normally use an ultrabook you
can use this device the only thing
that's not great about it is the fact
that you have to charge the keyboard
separately I don't love that but that's
really the only compromise that you have
to make when you're using it as a
notebook when you use it as a tablet
though it's pretty good for watching
movies and TV shows just because of how
wide that screen is but it's not a
perfect of heist for just regular web
browsing the aspect ratio does make the
top/bottom feel a little cramped it's
not a perfect device I would consider it
one of the better hybrid devices out
there but it's still not something I
would openly recommend to
out there now if I did have to recommend
someone it would be for students just
because the ultra wide screen and that
rigid keyboard is really conducive for a
student work in just student life I
think it's a pretty good option for you
guys out there that's the end of the
review hope you guys liked it questions
comments type below if you liked it give
me some thumbs if you loved it give me
some subs it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time